Bibimbap (Korean Rice With Mixed Vegetables)
r5\r5.jpg
r5\r5.jpg
Korean
Easy
30 m	30 m
Bibimbap (비빔밥) is probably one of the most well-known and beloved Korean dishes to many people. Even if people don't know anything about Korea, it's not too difficult to find people who had Bibimbap sometime in their lives.
6
r5\steps\step1.jpg		Stir cucumber pieces with 1/4 cup gochujang paste in a bowl; set aside.
r5\steps\step2.jpg		Bring about 2 cups of water to a boil in a large nonstick skillet and stir in spinach; cook until spinach is bright green and wilted, 2 to 3 minutes. Drain spinach and squeeze out as much moisture as possible; set spinach aside in a bowl and stir soy sauce into spinach.
r5\steps\step3.jpg		Heat 1 teaspoon olive oil in large nonstick skillet and cook and stir carrots until softened, about 3 minutes; stir in garlic and cook just until fragrant, about 1 more minute. Stir in cucumber pieces with gochujang paste; sprinkle with red pepper flakes, and set the mixture aside in a bowl.
r5\steps\step4.jpg		Brown beef in a clean nonstick skillet over medium heat, about 5 minutes per side, and set aside. In a separate nonstick skillet, heat 1 more teaspoon olive oil over medium-low heat and fry the eggs just on one side until yolks are runny but whites are firm, 2 to 4 minutes each.
r5\steps\step5.jpg		To assemble the dish, divide cooked rice into 4 large serving bowls; top with spinach mixture, a few pieces of beef, and cucumber mixture. Place 1 egg atop each serving. Drizzle each bowl with 1 teaspoon of sesame oil, a sprinkle of sesame seeds, and a small amount of gochujang paste if desired.
r5\steps\r5.jpg	Congratulations! You are the chef.	b
1	English cucumber, cut into matchsticks	cucumber.jpg
1/4 cup	gochujang (Korean hot pepper paste)	gochujang.jpg
1 bunch	spinach, cut into thin strips	spinach.jpg
1 tsp	soy sauce	soySauce.jpg
1 tsp	olive oil	oliveOil.jpg
2	carrots, cut into matchsticks	carrots.jpg
1 clove	garlic, minced	garlic.jpg
1 pinch	red pepper flakes	redPepper.png
4	large eggs	egg.jpg
4 cups	white rice	whiteRice.jpg
4 tsp	toasted sesame oil, divided	sesameOil.jpg
1 tsp	sesame seeds	sesameSeeds.jpg