California Roll Sushi
r3\r3.jpg
r3\r3.jpg
Japanese
Hard
45 m	15 m
As the name implies, California Rolls were invented in the late 1960's by a creative sushi chef in Los Angeles. Lamenting the lack of sushi grade fish in the US he decided to turn to ingredients that were readily available for his new creation. The avocado approximates the rich creaminess of toro (tuna belly).
6
r3\steps\step1.jpg	Step 1:	Wash the rice in several changes of water until the rinse water is no longer cloudy, drain well, and place in a covered pan or rice cooker with 1 cup water. Bring to a boil, reduce heat to a simmer, and cover the pan. Allow the rice to simmer until the top looks dry, about 15 minutes. Turn off the heat, and let stand for 10 minutes to absorb the rest of the water.
r3\steps\step2.jpg	Step 2:	Mix the rice vinegar and sugar in a small bowl until the sugar has dissolved, and stir the mixture into the cooked rice until well combined. Allow the rice to cool, and set aside.
r3\steps\step3.jpg	Step 3:	Mix the imitation crabmeat with mayonnaise in a bowl, and set aside. To roll the sushi, cover a bamboo rolling mat with plastic wrap. Lay a sheet of nori, shiny side down, on the plastic wrap. With wet fingers, firmly pat a thin, even layer of prepared rice over the nori, leaving 1/4 inch uncovered at the bottom edge of the sheet. Sprinkle the rice with about 1/2 teaspoon of sesame seeds, and gently press them into the rice. Carefully flip the nori sheet over so the seaweed side is up.
r3\steps\step4.jpg	Step 4:	Place 2 or 3 long cucumber spears, 2 or 3 slices of avocado, and about 1 tablespoon of imitation crab mixture in a line across the nori sheet, about 1/4 from the uncovered edge. Pick up the edge of the bamboo rolling sheet, fold the bottom edge of the sheet up, enclosing the filling, and tightly roll the sushi into a cylinder about 1 1/2 inch in diameter. Once the sushi is rolled, wrap it in the mat and gently squeeze to compact it tightly.
r3\steps\step5.jpg	Step 5:	Cut each roll into 1 inch pieces with a very sharp knife dipped in water.
r3\steps\r3.jpg	Congratulations! You are the chef.	b
1 cup	uncooked short-grain white rice	PC StickyRice MediumGrain 420x420.png
1/4 cup	rice vinegar	riceVinegar.jpg
1 tsp	white sugar	sugar.jpg
1/2 cup	imitation crabmeat	crabmeat.jpeg
1/4 cup	mayonnaise	mayonnaise.jpeg
8 sheets	nori (dry seaweed)	nori.jpg
2 tsp	sesame seeds	sesameSeeds.jpg
1	cucumber, cut into thin spears	cucumber.jpg
2	avocados - sliced the long way	avocados.jpg